Clarify Invoking with Context documentation (#2365)
davidkpiano/xstate: docs/guides/communication.md

})
```

> Note: any default context defined on the machine is replaced when invoked in this fashion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning
The `data` _replaces_ the default `context` defined on the machine; it is not merged. This behavior will change in the next major version.
:::
```
